Validation: Duplicate alt text and duplicate description error fixes. (#1420)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/advanced/double-buffered-graphics.md

---
title: "Double Buffered Graphics"

> description: Learn how to use double buffered graphics in the .NET Framework to reduce flickering in programming graphics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use double buffered graphics in the Windows Forms to reduce flickering in programming graphics.
```
